Update documentation (#364)
ColinDuquesnoy/QDarkStyleSheet: docs/scripts/qdarkstyle_utils.rst

QDarkStyle Utils CLI
====================

> Command-line interface for processing QRC files, generating stylesheets, and creating custom palettes.

Reviewer: I think this should be something like
```suggestion
Command-line interface for processing palette class definitions, generating stylesheets and other palette assets, with support for custom palettes.
```

Usage
-----

.. code-block:: bash

    python -m qdarkstyle.utils [OPTIONS]

> The tool converts ``.qrc`` files to ``_rc.py`` and ``.rcc`` files, generates images from SVG sources, and compiles SCSS to QSS stylesheets.

Reviewer: I would say that a more accurate description would be something like:

```suggestion
The tool generates ``.qrc`` files,  ``_rc.py`` and ``.rcc`` files, generates images from SVG sources, and compiles SCSS to QSS stylesheets.
```
